“A day without laughter is a day wasted.”Charlie Chaplin
“A goal should scare you a little, and excite you a lot.”Joe Vitale
“A goal without a plan is only a wish.”Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
“A head full of fears has no space for dreams.”Unknown
“A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest people.”Roald Dahl
“A moment of self-compassion can change your entire day. A string of such moments can change the course of your life.”Christopher Germer
“A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.”Winston Churchill
“A ship in harbor is safe — but that is not what ships are built for.”John A. Shedd
“A smooth sea never made a skillful sailor.”Proverb
“A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success.”Joyce Brothers
“A year from now you will wish you had started today.”Karen Lamb
“Absorb what is useful. Discard what is not. Add what is uniquely your own.”Bruce Lee
“Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.”William James
“Adventure is worthwhile in itself.”Amelia Earhart
“Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it.”Helen Keller
“Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself. Do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.”Bruce Lee
“Always do what you are afraid to do.”Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Always focus on how far you've come, not how far you have to go.”Anonymous
“Always remember you are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think”A. A. Milne
“Always walk through life as if you have something new to learn and you will.”Vernon Howard
“An amateur practices until they can play it correctly, a professional practices until they can't play it incorrectly.”Unknown
“An essential part of creativity is not being afraid to fail.”Edwin H. Land
“An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.”Benjamin Franklin
“Anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.”J. K. Rowling
“Approach the game with no preset agendas and you'll probably come away surprised at your overall efforts.”Phil Jackson
“Argue for your limitations, and surely they’re yours.”Richard Bach
“Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.”Pablo Picasso
“Ask yourself, who do you want to be? Figure out for yourself what makes you happy, no matter how crazy it may sound to other people.”Arnold Schwarzenegger
“Awareness is the greatest agent for change.”Eckhart Tolle
“Be a practical dreamer, backed by action.”Bruce Lee
“Be kind; everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.”Ian Maclaren
“Be the change you wish to see in the world.”Mahatma Gandhi
“Be the friend you wish you had.”Unknown
“Be the type of person you want to meet.”Unknown
“Be weird. Your strangeness is your magic.”Parker Lewis
“Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.”Dr. Seuss
“Be who you were created to be, and you will set the world on fire.”St. Catherine of Siena
“Being aware of a single shortcoming within yourself is far more useful than being aware of a thousand in someone else.”Dalai Lama
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you decided to look beyond the imperfections.”Unknown
“Believe in yourself. Under-confidence leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy that you are not good enough for your work.”Dr Roopleen
“Believe in yourself.”Unknown
“Believe you can and you're halfway there.”Theodore Roosevelt
“Besides the noble art of getting things done, there is the noble art of leaving things undone. The wisdom of life consists in the elimination of non-essentials.”Lin Yutang
“Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing flawlessly.”Robert H. Schuller
“Carry out a random act of kindness, with no expectation of reward, safe in the knowledge that one day someone might do the same for you.”Princess Diana
“Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.”Napoleon Hill
“Children are wonderfully confident in their own imaginations. Most of us lose this confidence as we grow up.”Sir Ken Robinson
“Choose a job you love and you will never have to work a day of your life.”Unknown
“Choose your heroes or they will be chosen for you.”Russell Brand
“Continuous improvement is better than delayed perfection.”Mark Twain
“Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day whispering, 'I will try again tomorrow.'”Mary Anne Radmacher
“Courage isn't the absence of fear, but an urgent impulse to do something despite fear.”Grant Cardone
“Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.”Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.”Martin Luther King Jr.
“Deal with the big while it is still small.”Lao Tzu
“Decide whether or not the goal is worth the risks involved. If it is, stop worrying.”Amelia Earhart
“Destiny is not a matter of chance; it is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.”William Jennings Bryan
“Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.”Dale Carnegie
“Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations.”Unknown
“Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment”Jim Rohn
“Do a little more of what you want to do every day, until your idea becomes what's real.”Unknown
“Do more of what makes you happy.”Unknown
“Do not discourage yourself with what you haven't done, encourage yourself with what you will do.”Neale Donald Walsch
“Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.”Bertrand Russell
“Do not wish for an easy life. Wish for the strength to endure a difficult one.”Bruce Lee
“Do something today that your future self will thank you for.”Unknown
“Do the thing you think you cannot do.”Eleanor Roosevelt
“Do what you feel in your heart to be right. You’ll be criticized anyway.”Eleanor Roosevelt
“Do what you love, not what you think you're supposed to do.”Unknown
“Don't allow your rituals to become ruts.”Todd Henry
“Don't be pushed by your problems. Be led by your dreams.”Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Don't blame others as an excuse for you not working hard enough.”Unknown
“Don't bury your failures. Let them inspire you.”Unknown
“Don't compare your beginning to someone else's middle.”Jon Acuff
“Don't let a bad day make you feel like you have a bad life.”Unknown
“Don't let perfection become procrastination. Do it now.”Danielle LaPorte
“Don't let small minds convince you that your dreams are too big.”Unknown
“Don't let someone who gave up on their dreams talk you out of going after yours.”Zig Ziglar
“Don't let the mistakes and disappointments of the past control and direct your future.”Zig Ziglar
“Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. Have the courage to follow your own heart and intuition.”Steve Jobs
“Don't limit your challenges - challenge your limits.”Unknown
“Don't think about what might go wrong, think about what could be right.”Unknown
“Don't underestimate the value of doing nothing, of just going along, listening to all the things you can't hear, and not bothering.”Winnie the Pooh
“Don’t go through life, grow through life.”Eric Butterworth
“Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.”Dr Roopleen
“Dude, suckin' at something is the first step to being sorta good at something.”Jake, "Adventure Time"
“Empty your cup so that it may be filled; become devoid to gain totality.”Bruce Lee
“Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.”Robert Brault
“Every dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.”Unknown
“Every moment you live in the past is a moment you waste in the present.”Tony Robbins
“Every person is a new door to a different world.”Six Degrees of Separation
“Everybody comes to a point in their life when they want to quit, but it's what you do at that moment that determines who you are.”David Goggins
“Everything is difficult until you know how to do it.”Anonymous
“Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.”Carl Jung
“Excuses are born out of fear. Eliminate your fear and there will be no excuses.”Unknown
“Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.”Henry Ford
“Failure is success if we learn from it.”Malcolm Forbes
“Failure is success if you learn from it.”Unknown
“Fall in love with the process and the results will follow.”Bradley Whitford
“Fear does not prevent death. It prevents life.”Naguib Mahfouz
“Fear leads to self-doubt which is the worst enemy of creativity.”David Ogilvy
“Fear, uncertainty and discomfort are your compasses toward growth.”Unknown
“First they ignore you. Then they laugh at you. Then they fight you. Then you win.”Unknown
“Forget all the reasons why it won't work and believe the one reason why it will.”Unknown
“Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on.”Les Brown
“Forgiveness is a gift you give yourself.”Maya Angelou
“Give thanks for a little and you will find a lot.”Hansa Proverb
“Give yourself permission to slow down. You can speed up by slowing down.”Gabby Bernstein
“Go ahead, let them judge you.”Unknown
“Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.”Henry David Thoreau
“Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.”Will Rogers
“Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.”Vincent Van Gogh
“Growth is painful. Change is painful. But nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you don't belong.”Mandy Hale
“Happiness is a way of travel. Not a destination.”Roy Goodman
“Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.”Jim Rohn
“Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.”Mahatma Gandhi
“Hard work beats talent when talent fails to work hard.”Tim Notke
“Have enough courage to trust love one more time and always one more time.”Maya Angelou
“How many success stories do you need to hear before you make your own?”Unknown
“How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.”Annie Dillard
“I am strong because I've been weak. I am fearless because I've been afraid. I am wise because I've been foolish.”Unknown
“I can accept failure. Everyone fails at something. But I can’t accept not trying.”Michael Jordan
“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.”Thomas Edison
“I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.”Bruce Lee
“I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw something back.”Maya Angelou
“If I quit now, I will soon be back to where I started. And when I started I was desperately wishing to be where I am now.”Unknown
“If it ain't fun, don't do it.”Jack Canfield
“If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.”Flavia Weedn
“If people aren't laughing at your dreams, your dreams aren't big enough.”Grayson Marshall
“If they can do it, so can you.”Unknown
“If you are still looking for that one person who will change your life, take a look in the mirror.”Roman Price
“If you can change your mind, you can change your life.”William James
“If you can dream it, you can do it.”Walt Disney
“If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.”Napoleon Hill
“If you change nothing, nothing will change”Unknown
“If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. Don't complain.”Maya Angelou
“If you don't like where you are, change it. You're not a tree.”Jim Rohn
“If you don't prioritize your life, someone else will.”Greg McKeown
“If you find yourself constantly trying to prove your worth to someone, you have already forgotten your value.”Unknown
“If you get tired, learn to rest, not to quit.”Banksy
“If you keep on doing what you've always done, you will keep getting what you've always gotten.”Unknown
“If you listen to your fears, you will die never knowing what a great person you might have been.”Robert Schuller
“If you lose, don't lose the lesson.”Dalai Lama
“If you never did, you should. These things are fun and fun is good.”Dr. Seuss
“If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success.”James Cameron
“If you stumble make it part of the dance.”Unknown
“If you tell yourself you can't, you won't.”Dean Graziosi
“If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy, and inspires your hopes.”Andrew Carnegie
“If you want to fly, you have to give up everything that weighs you down.”Toni Morrison
“If you wish to travel far and fast, travel light. Take off all your envies, jealousies, unforgiveness, selfishness, and fears.”Glenn Clark
“If you're going through hell, keep going.”Winston Churchill
“Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.”Albert Einstein
“Impossible is just a big word thrown around by small men and women who find it easier to live in the world they've been given than to explore the power they have to change it.”Muhammad Ali
“In matters of style swim with the current. In matters of principle, stand like a rock.”Unknown
“In times of change, learners inherit the earth, while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists.”Eric Hoffer
“Incredible things can be done simply if we are committed to making them happen.”Sadhguru
“Instead of wondering when your next vacation is, maybe you should set up a life you don't need to escape from.”Seth Godin
“It always seems impossible until it's done.”Nelson Mandela
“It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.”Confucius
“It doesn't matter where you start. Only that you begin.”Robin Sharma
“It doesn’t matter where you are, you are nowhere compared to where you can go.”Bob Proctor
“It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. Do not mistake activity for achievement.”Isocrates
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.”Mary Ann Evans
“It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.”J. Krishnamurti
“It is not the load that breaks you down. It's the way you carry it.”Lou Holtz
“It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome.”William James
“It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.”J. K. Rowling
“It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not a weakness; that is life.”Jean Luc Picard
“It is time to shed the burdens of the past year and come up fresh and alive.”Sadhguru
“It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.”E. E. Cummings
“It's not about where your starting point is, but your end goal and the journey that will get you there.”Unknown
“It's not the daily increase but daily decrease. Hack away at the unessential.”Bruce Lee
“It's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.”Edward J. Stieglitz
“It's not who you think you are that holds you back it's who you think you're not.”Unknown
“It's up to you how far you go. If you don't try, you'll never know!”Merlin, "Sword in the Stone"
“It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see.”Henry David Thoreau
“Keep moving forward. One step at a time.”Unknown
“Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.”Theodore Isaac Rubin
“Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do.”Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
“Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.”Victor Borge
“Lead with your strengths, not your weaknesses.”Unknown
“Learn from the mistakes of others. You can’t live long enough to make them all yourself.”Eleanor Roosevelt
“Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future.”Earl Nightingale
“Let go of the thoughts that don't make you strong.”Unknown
“Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.”Neale Donald Walsch
“Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.”Les Brown
“Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.”Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Life is simple. Are you happy? Yes? Keep going. No? Change something.”Unknown
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.”Mahatma Gandhi
“Live your dream, and share your passion.”Holstee Manifesto
“Low self esteem is like driving through life with your handbrake on.”Maxwell Maltz
“Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.”Seneca
“Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen.”Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
“Make sure your worst enemy doesn't live between your two ears.”Laird Hamilton
“Make the most of the best and the least of the worst.”Robert Louis Stevenson
“Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.”Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Make your faith larger than your fears and your dreams larger than your doubts.”Robin Sharma
“Mistakes are the portals of discovery.”James Joyce
“Most people get ahead during the time that others waste.”Henry Ford
“Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone.”Alan Watts
“Mystery creates wonder and wonder is the basis of our desire to understand.”Neil Armstrong
“Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.”Earl Nightingale
“Never let success get to your head, and never let failure get to your heart.”Drake
“Never look back unless you are planning to go that way.”Henry David Thoreau
“Never overlook the power of simplicity.”Robin S. Sharma
“No matter how bad or slow things go, you're still way ahead of everyone who isn't even trying.”Tony Robbins
“No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again.”Jack Kornfield
“No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.”Robin Williams
“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.”Eleanor Roosevelt
“No one has the power to shatter your dreams unless you give it to them.”Maeve Greyson
“No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.”Paul Carus, summarized from the Dhammapada, verse 165
“Not having the best situation, but seeing the best in your situation is the key to happiness.”Maria Forleo
“Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.”Walter Anderson
“Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.”Henry Ford
“Nothing will bring you peace, you must bring yourself to it.”Gant Laborde
“Obsessed is a word that the lazy use to describe the dedicated.”Unknown
“Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goals.”Henry Ford
“Of all the things that can boost emotions, motivation, and perceptions during a workday, the single most important is making progress in meaningful work.”Teresa Amabile
“Often when you think you're at the end of something, you're at the beginning of something else.”Fred Rogers
“Once you realize how beautiful you are, you will find it hard to keep the company of those who do not.”Unknown
“Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.”Willie Nelson
“One man or woman with courage is a majority.”Unknown
“One of the greatest discoveries a person makes is to find they can do what they were afraid they couldn't do.”Henry Ford
“One's destination is never a place but rather a new way of looking at things.”Henry Miller
“Open your eyes, look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living?”Bob Marley
“Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.”Helen Keller
“Other people's opinion of you does not have to become your reality.”Les Brown
“Our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.”Walt Disney
“Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail.”Ralph Waldo Emerson
“People are smarter than you think. Give them a chance to prove themselves.”Tim Ferriss
“People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity no matter how impressive their other talents.”Andrew Carnegie
“Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.”Walter Elliott
“Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.”Aristotle
“Powerful avalanches begin with small shifts.”Pamela McFarland Walsh
“Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.”George Bernard Shaw
“Progress lies not in enhancing what is, but in advancing toward what will be.”Khalil Gibran
“Reflect upon your blessings, of which everyone has plenty, not on your past misfortunes, of which everyone has some.”Charles Dickens
“Replace fear of the unknown with curiosity.”Unknown
“Rise above the storm and you will find the sunshine.”Mario Fernandez
“Rules for happiness: something to do, someone to love, something to hope for.”Immanuel Kant
“Search for the seed of good in every adversity.”Og Mandino
“Shipping beats perfection.”Unknown
“Showing off is the fool's idea of glory.”Bruce Lee
“Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.”Leonardo da Vinci
“So many of our dreams at first seem impossible. Then they seem improbable. And then, when we summon the will, they soon become inevitable.”Christopher Reeve
“Some of us think holding on makes us strong, but sometimes it is letting go.”Hermann Hesse
“Someone who thinks the world is always cheating them is right. They are missing that wonderful feeling of trust in someone or something.”Eric Hoffer
“Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together.”Marilyn Monroe
“Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.”Steve Jobs
“Soon is not as good as now.”Seth Godin
“Speak in such a way that others love to listen to you. Listen in such a way that others love to speak to you.”Unknown
“Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.”Arthur Ashe
“Stay hungry; stay foolish.”Whole Earth Epilog, 1974
“Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths.”Arnold Schwarzenegger
“Striving for excellence motivates you; striving for perfection is demoralizing.”Harriet Braiker
“Success is something you attract by the person you become.”Jim Rohn
“Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.”Winston Churchill
“Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.”Isaac Newton
“Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.”Jim Rohn
“Talent is a pursued interest. Anything that you're willing to practice, you can do.”Bob Ross
“The best teachers are those who show you where to look, but don't tell you what to see.”Alexandra K. Trenfor
“The best way out is always through.”Robert Frost
“The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.”Ernest Hemingway
“The biggest mistake people make in life is not trying to make a living at doing what they most enjoy.”Malcolm Forbes
“The biggest room in the world is room for improvement.”Unknown
“The brain is like a muscle. When it is in use we feel very good. Understanding is joyous.”Carl Sagan
“The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure that you seek.”Joseph Campbell
“The cure to boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.”Dorothy Parker
“The death of a dream is the day that you stop believing in the work it takes to get there.”Chris Burkmenn
“The fear of death follows from the fear of life. One who lives life fully is prepared to die at any time.”Mark Twain
“The first step to accepting yourself is to stop comparing yourself to others.”Joe Duncan
“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.”Eleanor Roosevelt
“The future depends on what we do in the present.”Mahatma Gandhi
“The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it.”Michelangelo
“The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.”Elbert Hubbard
“The greatest project you'll ever work on is you.”Unknown
“The happiness of this life depends less on what befalls you than the way in which you take it.”Elbert Hubbard
“The inspiration you seek is already within you. Be silent and listen.”Rumi
“The journey is the reward.”Proverb
“The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.”Lao Tzu
“The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.”Voltaire
“The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried.”Stephen McCranie
“The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.”David Viscott
“The mind is everything. What you think you become.”Buddha
“The mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions.”Oliver Wendell Holmes
“The more you think and talk about your goals, the more positive and enthusiastic you become.”Billy Cox
“The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.”Amelia Earhart
“The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.”Arthur C. Clarke
“The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle.”Steve Jobs
“The past is done. The future has plenty of room for change.”Anonymous
“The path to wisdom is paved with humility.”Tim Fargo
“The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation but your thoughts about it.”Eckhart Tolle
“The problem is not the problem. The problem is your attitude about the problem.”Captain Jack Sparrow
“The right and wrong answers should come from your heart.”Unknown
“The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old but on building the new.”Dan Millman
“The secret of getting ahead is getting started.”Mark Twain
“The secret to happiness is freedom. And the secret to freedom is courage.”Thucydides
“The secret to your success is found in your daily routine.”John C. Maxwell
“The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention.”John Burroughs
“The struggle you're in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow.”Unknown
“The surest way to find your dream job is to create it.”Unknown
“The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself”Anna Quindlen
“The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score.”Unknown
“The walls we build around us to keep sadness out also keeps out the joy.”Jim Rohn
“The wisest mind has something yet to learn.”George Santayana
“The world is moving so fast that the person who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.”Elbert Hubbard
“The world needs dreamers and the world needs doers. But above all, the world needs dreamers who do.”Sarah Ban Breathnach
“There are no foreign lands. It is the traveler only who is foreign.”Robert Louis Stevenson
“There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”Albert Einstein
“There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing.”Brian Tracy
“There is no duty we so much underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.”Robert Louis Stevenson
“There is no small act of kindness. Every compassionate act makes large the world.”Mary Anne Radmacher
“There is only one person who could ever make you happy, and that person is you.”David Burns
“There is real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment.”Norman Vincent Peale
“There is virtue in work and there is virtue in rest. Use both and overlook neither.”Alan Cohen
“There’s no such things as a small act of kindness. Every act creates a ripple with no logical end.”Scott Adams
“This is your life. Do what you love, and do it often.”Holstee Manifesto
“Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.”John Lennon
“To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to be yourself.”Thich Nhat Hanh
“To be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others.”Nelson Mandela
“To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.”Confucius
“To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.”Ralph Waldo Emerson
“To escape criticism: do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.”Elbert Hubbard
“Today I will do what others won't, so tomorrow I can do what others can't.”Jerry Rice
“Today is the most important day of our lives.”Thich Nhat Hanh
“Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.”Les Brown
“Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.”Malcolm S. Forbes
“Tough times don't last; tough people do.”Gregory Peck
“Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life.”Golda Meir
“Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.”Benjamin Spock
“Until you cross the bridge of your insecurities, you can't begin to explore your possibilities.”Tim Fargo
“Use only that which works, and take it from any place you can find it.”Bruce Lee
“Use the talents you possess, for the woods would be very silent if no birds sang except the best.”Henry Van Dyke
“Victory is sweetest when you've known defeat.”Malcolm Forbes
“Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are.”Anonymous
“Waste no more time arguing about what a good person should be. Be one.”Marcus Aurelius
“We cannot teach people anything. We can only help them discover it within themselves.”Galileo Galilei
“We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.”Anaïs Nin
“We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.”Carlos Castaneda
“We tend to judge others by their behavior, and ourselves by our intentions.”Unknown
“What are the most powerful words in the universe? The ones you use to talk to yourself.”Karen Salmansohn
“What gets measured gets managed.”Peter Drucker
“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.”Ralph Waldo Emerson
“What simple action could you take today to produce a new momentum toward success in your life?”Tony Robbins
“What worries you masters you.”Unknown
“What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?”Vincent van Gogh
“What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?”Robert H. Schuller
“What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make.”Jane Goodall
“When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.”Lao Tzu
“When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.”Elon Musk
“When we get too caught up in the busyness of the world, we lose connection with one another—and ourselves.”Jack Kornfield
“When you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun, you can do amazing things.”Joe Namath
“When you judge others, you do not define them; you define yourself.”Earl Nightingale
“When you meet people, show real appreciation, then genuine curiosity.”Martha Beck
“When you see a person without a smile, give them one of yours.”Zig Ziglar
“When you show deep empathy toward others, their defensive energy goes down, and positive energy replaces it.”Stephen Covey
“When you talk, you are only repeating what you already know. But if you listen, you may learn something new.”Dalai Lama
“When you wake up in the morning you have two choices: go back to sleep, or wake up and chase those dreams.”Unknown
“When you’re curious, you find lots of interesting things to do.”Walt Disney
“Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision.”Peter Drucker
“Wherever you go, go with all your heart.”Confucius
“Why fit in when you were born to stand out?”Dr. Seuss
“Winning starts with beginning.”Unknown
“With realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world.”Dalai Lama
“Without new experiences, something inside of us sleeps. The sleeper must awaken.”Frank Herbert
“Worry is an unhealthy and destructive mental habit.”Norman Vincent Peale
“Yesterday is history; tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift, which is why we call it the present.”Bil Keane
“Yesterday, you said tomorrow.”Nike
“You are a human with one life and it is up to you to make it the best life you can.”Dan Howell
“You are confined only by the walls you build yourself.”Andrew Murphy
“You are the one that possesses the keys to your being. You carry the passport to your own happiness.”Diane von Furstenberg
“You can be happy or you can be unhappy. It's just according to the way you look at things.”Walt Disney
“You can't be paralyzed by fear of failure or you will never push yourself.”Arnold Schwarzenegger
“You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.”Maya Angelou
“You cannot change the circumstances but you can change yourself. That is something you have charge of.”Jim Rohn
“You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.”Jonathan Safran Foer
“You cannot start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one.”Michael McMillan
“You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore.”William Faulkner
“You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.”Zig Ziglar
“You don't have to live your life the way other people expect you to.”Chris Guillebeau
“You have power over your mind — not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.”Marcus Aurelius
“You never know how strong you are, until being strong is your only choice.”Bob Marley
“Your world is a living expression of how you are using—and have used—your mind.”Earl Nightingale
“Do no harm, but take no crap.”Moïra Fowley-Doyle
“Never dull your shine for somebody else.”Tyra Banks
“Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and start being positive about what could go right.”Unknown
“Whatever we plant in our subconscious mind and nourish with repetition and emotion will one day become reality.”Earl Nightingale
